You gotta be kidding me, I don't know
what's going on, but I know that it has
nothing to do with me Wow, um, wow, God
is, God is amazing Um, I wanna, I do
wanna thank, I gotta thank all these
incredible people who have been working
with me Over the last few years, um,
giving God the glory
And, and I'm so grateful for them, I'm
grateful to my incredible husband of 40 years
Even though I'm, I'm stuck with the name
Winans My last name has been love for
over 40 years And he has lived up to his
name, thank you so much, Bae
To my wonderful children, to my
grandchildren, I have three with another
one on the way Amazing, um, to all of you
who have played my songs and who have
come to our concerts Um, to my family,
the Winans, all of my brothers and
sisters, my mom and dad Where it all
started, um, you know, I I,
I was speaking the other day and it came
to me that all of us You know, I was
thinking of myself at the time that I'm
known For my music All of the world, all
over the world
People know me for my music, right But,
but God only knows me For my relationship
with him He only knows us According to
the way we know him And so, all of us
here tonight All of the artists, the
artists that I was in the categories with
I mean, I just came to cheer them on
tonight I didn't think this was going to
happen Um, but, but God is faithful All
my life, he's been faithful All my life,
he's been good With every breath That I'm
able I will sing Of the goodness of God
Thank you so much I love you All my life,
he's been faithful All my life, he's been
faithful All my life, he's been faithful
All my life, he's been faithful All my
life, he's been faithful